
1. AGREEMENT
Please read carefully the following legally binding agreement between gobetgo.com, under the brand name of gobetgo and yourself (this "agreement"). Please make sure you fully understand the contents of this agreement. If you have any doubts about any of your rights and obligations resulting from entering into this agreement, please consult legal counsel in your jurisdiction.

By clicking the "I agree" button below, you acknowledge that you have read and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement and our privacy policy set out at www.gobetgo.com.

By clicking the ¡°I agree¡± button below, you also agree to the use of electronic communications in order to enter into contracts, contest disputes, request payments or redemptions, fund account(s) make inquiries regarding your account, and any correspondence not noted herein shall be in electronic communications only. You waive any rights or requirements under applicable laws or regulations in any jurisdiction which require an original (non-electronic) signature, to the extent permitted under applicable mandatory law.

If you do not agree with any of the terms of this agreement, do not click the "I agree" button, do not continue to download, install or otherwise use the software, and remove the software from your computer, handheld, pad, or any other electronic device supported by this software.

2. DEFINITIONS
The following words and terms, when used with this Agreement, shall have the following meanings, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise:

Applicable Laws	
The Terms of Use of this website shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of Curacao. For any issues arising in respect to the Curacao license which will be governed by Curacao Law in the Curacao Courts. As Curacao still remains a country within Netherland Kingdom, you need to go to Hague high court for any appeal of Curacao court¡¯s judgment.

And for those players live in the jurisdictions which have different law with regarding to online gaming from Curacao, please comply with your local law.

Deposits	
Any transfer of funds from you to your Player Account either directly or through a Payment Provider;

Deposits	
Any transfer of funds from you to your Player Account either directly or through a Payment Provider;

Online Casino/Sportsbook	
Our internet gaming system on the Website, downloadable applications and related services and gaming activities as offered and listed at www.gobetgo.com, including but not limited to, Online Casino/Sportsbook and/or online bingo and/or any other games, where applicable;

Payment Provider	
A third party payment processing company;

Player Account	
One personal single account pertaining to one domestic household address, opened by an individual and maintained with us to enable that person to play games on the Online Casino/Sportsbook;

Software	
The software or downloadable app licensed to us that is required to be downloaded, accessed or otherwise utilized by you from the Website for the purpose of enabling you to participate in the Online Casino/Sportsbook, including any program or data file derived there from and any related documentation, and including any enhancements, modifications, additions, translations or updates to such software;

Stake	
Any monies wagered by a holder of a Player Account in play-for-real on the Online Casino/Sportsbook;

Us/We/Ours	
gobetgo.com

Username and Password	
The username and password chosen by a person upon registration with the Online Casino/Sportsbook;

Website	
www.gobetgo.com and any related sites on which the Online Casino/Sportsbook is operated and are accessible via links or any other access method;

Winnings	
Any winnings made by a holder of a Player Account in play-for-real on the Online Casino/Sportsbook;

Withdrawal	
Any transfer of funds from your Player Account to yourself either directly or through a Payment Provider;

You	
The user of the Software downloaded from the Website.

3£®RESTRICTIONS
3.1 We are a corporation incorporated under the laws of Costa Rica. We are regulated for the purpose of operating an online casino under the name GOBETGO HOLDINGS SRL. Restaurante Oasis 175 metros al Este ? San Rafael, Heredia ? Costa Rica

3.2 You can only use the Online Casino/Sportsbook and/or the Website and/or downloadable application(s) if you are the legal age as determined by Applicable Laws.

3.3 In any event and under any circumstances, you cannot use the Online Casino/Sportsbook and/or the Website if you are under 18 years of age.

3.4 Some legal jurisdictions have not addressed the legality of online gambling and others have specifically made online gambling illegal. We make no representation or warranty with respect to the legality or otherwise of (1) the access to and use of the Online Casino/Sportsbook and/or the Website, and (2) the making of Deposits to the Online Casino/Sportsbook and receipt of any Winnings from it, under any Applicable Laws.

3.5 We do not intend for anyone to use the Online Casino/Sportsbook and/or the Website where such use is illegal. The availability of the Online Casino/Sportsbook and/or the Website does not constitute an offer or invitation by us to use the Online Casino/Sportsbook in any place in which such use is illegal. We don¡¯t offer our services to residents from following country or territory: USA, HONG KONG SAR.

3.6 You accept sole responsibility for determining whether your use of the Online Casino/Sportsbook is legal under any Applicable Laws. Please consult legal counsel in the applicable jurisdiction if you have any doubts about the legality of your access to and use of the Online Casino/Sportsbook and/or the Website, or the making of Deposits to the Online Casino/Sportsbook and receipt of any Winnings from it, under any Applicable Laws.

3.7 We shall be entitled to inform relevant authorities, other Online Casino/Sportsbook operators, other online service providers and banks, credit card companies, electronic payment providers or other financial institutions of your identity and of any suspected unlawful, fraudulent or improper activity, and you will cooperate fully with us to investigate any such activity.

4. LICENCE TO USE SOFTWARE
We hereby grant you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable right to use the Software, and/or downloadable applications solely for playing in the Online Casino/Sportsbook, in accordance with the following provisions.

4.1 This license applies only to the Object Code of the Software (i.e., the compiled, assembled, or machine executable version of the Software) and does not grant you any rights whatsoever with respect to the source code of the Software.

4.2 You are not permitted to and will not permit or assist others to:

4.2.1 install or load the Software onto a server or other network device or take other steps to make the Software available to any other person via any form of "bulletin board", online service or remote dial-in, application service provider services, internet services provider services, timesharing arrangements, outsourcing services or bureau services;

4.2.2 sub-license, assign, rent, lease, loan, transfer or copy the Software or your license to use the Software, or make or distribute copies of the Software;

4.2.3 translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, adapt, modify, create derivative works based on, or otherwise modify the Software;

4.2.4 copy or translate any user documentation provided 'online' or in electronic format; or

4.2.5 enter, access or attempt to enter or access or otherwise bypass the applicable security system or interfere in any way (including but not limited to robots and similar devices) with the Online Casino/Sportsbook or the Website, or attempt to make any changes to the Software and/or any features or components thereof.

4.3 You do not own the Software. The Software is owned and is the exclusive property of the licensor, a third party software provider company (the "Software Provider"). The Software and accompanying documentation which have been licensed to us are proprietary products of the Software Provider and protected throughout the world by copyright law and other intellectual property law. Your use of the Software does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights in the Software or any other rights in or with respect to the Software, except for the right to use the Software as expressly provided in this Agreement. This Agreement applies only to the grant of a license to use the Software.

4.4 Any trade marks, service marks and/or trade names used by us on the Website from time to time (the "Trade Marks") are the trade marks, service marks and/or trade names of ours or our affiliates or licensors, and we and/or such entities, as applicable, reserve all rights to the Trade Marks. In addition, other content on the Website, including, but not limited to, the Software, images, pictures, graphics, photographs, animations, videos, music, audio and text (the "Site Content") belongs to us or our affiliates or licensors and is protected by copyright and/or other intellectual property rights. You hereby acknowledge that by accessing and using the Online Casino/Sportsbook and the Website you obtain no rights in or to the Trade Marks or the Site Content and must not use them without our prior written consent.

4.5 The software is provided "as is" without any warranties, conditions, undertakings or representations, express or implied, statutory or otherwise. We and the software provider, and all of our and their affiliates and related parties, hereby exclude all implied terms, conditions and warranties (including any warranty of merchantability, satisfactory quality and fitness for any particular purpose), and do not warrant that the software will meet your requirements.

4.6 neither we nor the software provider, nor any of our or their affiliates and related parties, warrant or guarantee (1) that the software will be non-infringing, (2) that the operation of the software will be error free or uninterrupted, (3) that any defects in the software will be corrected, (4) that the software or the servers are free of viruses and bugs, or (5) the privacy, security, authenticity and non-corruption of any information transmitted through, or stored in any system connected to, the internet.

4.7 neither we nor the software provider, or any of our or their affiliates and related parties, will be liable to you or to any third party for any costs, expenses, losses or claims arising or resulting from communications or system errors occurring in connection with the settlement of accounts or other features or components of the software. In the event of such errors, we will further have the right, but not the obligation, to remove any relevant games from the software and the website and take any other action to correct such errors.

4.8 The Software may include confidential information which is secret and valuable to the Software Provider and/or to us. You are not entitled to use or disclose that confidential information other than strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

5. SECURITY
5.1 We only allow access to play games on the Online Casino/Sportsbook through secured networks using encryption of the user name and password. You cannot play games on the Online Casino/Sportsbook without passing our customer security login.

5.2 You may not use the Online Casino/Sportsbook for any commercial use or on behalf of another person. Any use of the Online Casino/Sportsbook by you is for your own private purposes only.

5.3 You may only have one Player Account, for which you will register using your own, correct name, and each Player Account shall only have one personal single account-holder pertaining to one domestic household address.

5.4 You must keep your Username and Password confidential and should not disclose them to anyone. You shall be responsible for all activities and transactions conducted on your Player Account. Every person who identifies him/herself by entering your correct Username and Password is assumed by us to be you, and all transactions where the Username and Password have been entered correctly will be regarded as valid. We will not be responsible for any third party access to your Player Account and under no circumstances shall we be liable for any losses incurred by you as a result of misuse of your Username and Password by any person or for any unauthorized access to your Player Account.

5.5 You may not use anyone else's user name or password, and you will not use any other person's Player Account or means of payment to access or use the Online Casino/Sportsbook or the Website or the Software.

5.6 We are using advanced methods for the encryption of the username and password information, and any other sensitive information transferred to and from the client application and our servers, thus securing the player and us against manipulation attempts by a third party. You will not break in, access or attempt to break in or access or otherwise by-pass our security. If we suspect that you have attempted to or may be attempting to break in, access or otherwise by-pass our security or the Software, we will be entitled to terminate with immediate effect your access to the Online Casino/Sportsbook and/or have your account blocked, and we reserve the right to inform the applicable authorities.

5.7 We will only use your personal information in accordance with our privacy policy, which is set out in full at www.gobetgo.com. We reserve the right to amend the Privacy Policy at any time. We may also ask you to provide us with additional details and any such additional information will also be kept confidential in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

5.8 We will be entitled, under certain circumstances, to disclose certain details to relevant authorities should it be required under any applicable law or by any governmental or regulatory body, to the extent required by law. We shall further be entitled to disclose information pursuant to clause 3.7 above.

6. YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES
6.1 You are solely responsible to determine whether the access and use of the Online Casino/Sportsbook by you, and the making of Deposits to the Online Casino/Sportsbook and receipt of Winnings from it, are permitted under any Applicable Laws.

6.2 It is your responsibility to ensure that you understand the rules and procedures of the games in the Online Casino/Sportsbook and your use of online gaming in general, before you play any such games.

6.3 You shall not transfer in any way whatsoever your rights under this Agreement, without our prior written consent, which may be given in our sole discretion.

6.4 You are fully responsible for all taxes, fees and other costs incidental to and arising from any Winnings resulting from use of the Online Casino/Sportsbook. You will indemnify and reimburse us for any costs, expenses or losses that may be caused to us as a result of any claim or demand made by any governmental or other authority, with regard to tax withholding obligations or similar obligations to which we may be subject in connection with processing your Withdrawal requests.

6.5 It is your responsibility to inform us of any changes to your registration details.

6.6 You acknowledge and understand that separate terms and conditions exist with respect to promotions, bonuses and special offers, and are in addition to this Agreement. These terms and conditions are set forth in gobetgo.com, or have been delivered to you personally, as the case may be. In the event of a conflict between the provisions of such promotions, bonuses and special offers, and the provisions of this Agreement, the provisions of such promotions, bonuses and special offers will prevail.

6.7 For the removal of doubt, it is clarified that any use by you of the services of a Payment Provider will be subject to the terms and conditions of use prescribed by such Payment Provider. This, however, will not derogate from your obligations to us under this Agreement.

6.8 You are solely responsible for the supply and maintenance of all of the computer equipment and telecommunications networks and internet access services that you need to use in order to access the Online Casino/Sportsbook. We will not be liable in any way whatsoever for any losses caused to you by the internet or any telecommunication service provider which you have engaged in order to access the Online Casino/Sportsbook or the Website.

6.9 You acknowledge that our random number generator will determine the outcome of the games played on the Online Casino/Sportsbook and you accept the outcomes of all such games. You further agree that in the unlikely event of a disagreement between the result that appears on the Software and the game server, the result that appears on the game server will prevail, and you acknowledge and agree that our records will be the final authority in determining the terms and circumstances of your participation in the Online Casino/Sportsbook gaming activity and the results of this participation.

6.10 You will not commit any acts or engage in any conduct that is or that could be reasonably expected to be damaging to our reputation or to the reputation of the Software Provider or any other related service providers.

6.11 You will fully indemnify, defend and hold us and our officers, directors, employees, agents, contractors and suppliers (including without limitation the Software Provider) harmless from and against any and all losses, costs, expenses, claims, demands, liabilities and damages (including legal fees), however caused, that may arise as a result of or in connection with (a) access and use of the Website, the Online Casino/Sportsbook or the Software by yourself or by anyone else using your Username and Password; or (b) breach by you of any of the terms and provisions of this Agreement.

6.12 We reserve the right to change this Agreement from time to time as set out in clause 12 below. It is your responsibility to check from time to time and see whether there is an updated version in accordance with clause 12 below.

7. YOUR WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS
You hereby warrant and represent to us that:

7.1 you are not a resident of any of the excluded territories specified as such in clause 3.5 above, as this list may be updated from time to time, and you are not attempting to access or use the Online Casino/Sportsbook and/or the Website and/or the Software from any of these territories;

7.2 you are acting on your own behalf;

7.3 you are not restricted by limited legal capacity;

7.4 you are not classified as a compulsive gambler;

7.5 all details which you give or have given in the process of registering with the Online Casino/Sportsbook are accurate and you will continue to update such details in the event of any changes;

7.6 you are fully aware of the fact that there is a risk of losing money through the use of the Software to play games on the Online Casino/Sportsbook;

7.7 you are not depositing funds originating from criminal and/or illegal and/or unauthorized activities;

7.8 you do not otherwise conduct criminal or unlawful activities and/or intend to utilize the Player Account in connection with such activities; you do not use or intend to use or intend to allow any other person to use the Online Casino/Sportsbook or the Player Account for any prohibited or unlawful activity, including but not limited to fraud or money laundering, under any applicable law, including without limitation the laws in your jurisdiction and the laws that apply to us;

7.9 you are not colluding or attempting to collude and you do not intend to participate, directly or indirectly, in any collusion scheme with any other player in the course of any game you play or will play on the Online Casino/Sportsbook;

7.10 you are not under the age of either (i) 18; or (ii) the age at which gambling activities are legal under the law of the jurisdiction that applies to you, whichever is greater;

7.11 the debit/credit card details provided by you in the registration process are those of the registered account holder and the card has not been reported as lost or stolen;

7.12 you are not one of our officers, directors, employees, consultants or agents or of one of our affiliated or subsidiary companies, or suppliers or vendors, and you are not a relative of any of them (for the purpose of this clause, the term "relative" means spouse, partner, parent, child or sibling); in the event that you breach this restriction, one of the actions that will be taken against you is that you will not be entitled to any of your Winnings;

7.13 you have not previously held a player account with us or with any other online gaming operator which was suspended or terminated either by us or by such other online gaming operator, and you have not in the past charged back any monies via any player account;

7.14 in opening the Player Account, you will not provide any information or make any statement to us which is untrue, false, incorrect, incomplete or misleading.

8. PLAYER ACCOUNT, DEPOSITS AND WITHDRAWALS
8.1 General:

8.1.1 You agree that financial account transactions will be handled by us directly or through a payment provider or any other third party.

8.1.2 Deposits and withdrawals may be transferred from us to you and vice versa, either directly or through a payment provider chosen by you (subject, however, to clause 8.4.3 below).

8.1.3 We do not guarantee that there will not be any delay in the processing or receipt of deposits or withdrawals.

8.1.4 You acknowledge and agree that your player account is not a bank account and is therefore not insured, guaranteed, sponsored or otherwise protected by any deposit or banking insurance system or by any other similar insurance system of any other jurisdiction, including but not limited to your local jurisdiction. furthermore, the player account does not bear interest on any of the funds held in it.

8.2 Making deposits and crediting funds to your player account:

8.2.1 Once your player account has been opened, you will be able to credit funds to your player account by requesting an electronic transfer of funds using any of the means set out in the Deposit section of the website.

8.2.2 You agree to fully pay any and all payments and charges due to us or to payment providers in connection with your use of the Online Casino/Sportsbook. you further agree not to make any charge-backs or renounce or cancel or otherwise reverse any of your deposits, and in any such event you will refund and compensate us for such unpaid deposits including any expenses incurred by us in the process of collecting your deposit.

8.2.3 Each request made by you to fund your player account shall constitute a valid authorization for us or for the payment provider, as applicable, to transfer the amount specified in your request, by us or from or by the payment provider chosen by you, as applicable, to your player account.

8.2.4 We will be entitled to determine minimum and maximum amounts to be deposited in a player account, in our discretion.

8.2.5 We will be entitled to determine whether the funds that you have requested to be credited to your player account are available, upon receiving confirmation satisfactory to us from the relevant payment provider in accordance with such payment provider's approval procedures for such transactions to be reconciled, final, completed and cleared. Only when your deposits are reconciled and cleared to our satisfaction by the relevant payment provider, will the player account be credited with the funds, unless stated differently.

8.2.6 You acknowledge that you may, from time to time, upon our request, be required to provide additional details in respect of the deposits made by you.

8.2.7 Any deposit that is requested by you is non-reversible and non-refundable.

8.3 Wagering and utilizing the player account:

8.3.1 Any stake made by you will be treated by us as an authorization to debit your player account, provided that the balance of your player account at the time that the stake is made is greater than or equal to the amount of the stake, we will debit your player account in the amount of the stake.

8.3.2 Your player account will immediately be credited with the amount of any winnings made by you.

8.4 Withdrawals from the player account:

8.4.1 Subject to clauses 8.4.2 and 8.4.4 below, you may withdraw any unutilized and cleared funds held in your player account, by submitting a withdrawal request in accordance with our withdrawal conditions. it is your duty to access the website and review any changes to the withdrawal conditions. On any withdrawal approved by us, and provided that you give us sufficient information as to how the funds should be transferred to you, we will return the relevant funds to you in accordance with clause 8.4.3 (less charges incurred or any required amount from your withdrawal in order to comply with any applicable law).

8.4.2 You agree that we will have the right to withhold any withdrawals, in the event the we believe or suspect that you may be engaging in or have engaged in fraudulent, collusive, unlawful or improper activity, or if we are concerned about the operation of that player account or the request for withdrawal. In such cases, we may commence and/or be involved in and/or assist any investigation into such circumstances, and you agree to assist and cooperate with any such investigation.

8.4.3 We will attempt to accommodate your request regarding the payment method and currency of payment of your withdrawal. This, however, cannot be guaranteed. therefore, we may process and pay withdrawals in a different payment method than the one requested by you, such as through different payment providers, a bank draft or wire transfer. Similarly, in certain cases, the currency of your withdrawal may not be the currency in which your deposit was made or that was otherwise requested by you.

8.4.4 You are aware of and agree that players are allowed to withdraw not more than €100,000 or currency equivalent per 30 days. if the amount to be withdrawn is greater than 100,000 EUR the remaining amount will be placed back to the player's account, allowing the player to withdraw additional funds the following month in accordance with this term. The foregoing applies also to withdrawals of progressive jackpots. withdrawals depend on all conditions specified above and the verification of all required documents as set forth in clause 9.4 below.

9. OUR RIGHTS
9.1 We reserve, at our sole discretion, the right to:

9.1.1 Refuse to register any applicant for registration on the website or the Online Casino/Sportsbook;

9.1.2 refuse to accept any stake on the Online Casino/Sportsbook ; and

9.1.3 change, suspend, remove, modify, or add any game or tournament on the Online Casino/Sportsbook.

9.2 We will be entitled to make inquiries related to you, including credit checks, with third party credit and financial institutions, in accordance with the information you have provided to us.

9.3 In the event of any dispute regarding a Stake or Winnings, our decision will be final and binding.

9.4 In the event that we suspect fraud or fraudulent activity on your part or if any of your payments are charged back, and in the event of suspected card counting in any of the live games, we will have the right to withhold any amount from your account which is in excess of your original deposit, and if deemed necessary by us, to initiate any legal proceedings to collect any payments owed by you.

9.5 Notwithstanding anything stated or implied to the contrary in this Agreement, we may at any time, without prior notice to you and without derogating from our other rights under this Agreement, terminate your use of the Online Casino/Sportsbook and block your player account if we suspect or believe that you are in breach of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement; or that you may be engaging in or have engaged in Fraudulent, unlawful, or improper activity, including without limitation any violation of any applicable terms and conditions, money laundering or collusion with another Player Account holder; or that you are otherwise acting unlawfully. Notwithstanding anything stated or implied to the contrary in this Agreement, we will not be under any obligation in any such circumstances to refund or otherwise reimburse you for any of the funds in your player account.

9.6 We will have the right to withhold or otherwise decline or reverse any pay-out or winning amount(s) or amend any policy in the event that we suspect you are abusing or attempting to abuse any of the following: (i) bonuses; (ii) other promotions; or (iii) specific policy or rules determined in respect of an existing game or a new game. It is clarified that we may determine that such an abuse has taken place also if your activity in our Online Casino/Sportsbook, by itself, is not abusive, but your activities in other Online Casino/Sportsbooks in addition to our Online Casino/Sportsbook, taken as a whole, constitute such abuse of our bonuses, promotions, policies or rules.

9.7 We may, at any time, set off any positive balances on your Player Account against any amount owed by you to us.

9.8 We may transfer, assign, sublicense or pledge this Agreement, in whole or in part, to any person or entity without notice, and you will be deemed to have given your consent to any such assignment.

10. INACTIVE ACCOUNTS
10.1 If you have not placed any Stake in your Player Account for a continuous period of one hundred and eighty (180) days (the Grace Period) your account shall deemed to be inactive.

10.2 It is company policy in the interests of security and in accordance with government legislation, that if no transaction has been recorded on Your Account for thirty months (an ¡°Inactive Account¡±), we shall remit the balance in that account to you. If you cannot be satisfactorily located any funds in that account will be handed over to the relevant government body.

10.3 Your Inactive Account will be terminated with written notice (or attempted notice) using your contact details. In the event of any such termination by us, other than where such closure and termination is made pursuant to the above (Collusion, Cheating, Fraud and Criminal Activity) or Breach of the Terms of Use) of these Terms, we will refund the balance of Your Account to you. If you cannot be located, the funds shall be remitted to the relevant gambling authority.

11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
11.1 You hereby acknowledge that we have no control or responsibility over the use that you make of the Software. Loading and using the Software and accessing and using the Online Casino/Sportsbook by you is made at your own risk. Neither we nor the software provider, nor any of our or their affiliates and related parties, shall have any liability whatsoever of any kind in connection with such use.

11.2 In no event shall we or the software provider, or any of our or their affiliates and related parties, be liable to you for any direct, consequential, indirect, incidental or special damage or loss of any kind, including without limitation loss of business, profits, revenue, contracts or anticipated savings, or loss or damage arising from loss, damage or corruption of any data, whether or not the possibility of such loss or damage has been notified to us ahead of time

11.3 Without derogating from the generality of clauses 11.1 and 11.2 above and from any other liability limitation provision in this Agreement, neither we nor the Software Provider, nor any of our or their affiliates and related parties, will be liable for any loss, costs or damages (howsoever arising) deemed or alleged to have resulted from or caused by any of the following:

11.3.1 any error made due to the input of incorrect information by you;

11.3.2 any fraud, deception or misrepresentations by you;

11.3.3 our decision not to accept a deposit from you;

11.3.4 any delay in receiving or accepting a deposit by us or withholding a withdrawal by us for the purpose of conducting identity verification procedures;

11.3.5 use of your player account for purposes that may be considered illegal under applicable laws;

11.3.6 any transactions on your player account which are conducted after the correct entry of your username and password;

11.3.7 any unauthorized interception or use of data relating to you or your player account;

11.3.8 any inability to use or access the website for any reason;

11.3.9 any actions or transactions by an individual that uses your username and password;

11.3.10 any cause over which we do not have direct control, including problems attributable to computer hardware or software (including computer viruses and including the software), data transmission systems, telephone or other communications, or internet service providers;

11.3.11 the loss of any transactions caused by the loss or malfunction of any communications device used by yourself or any entity relaying information between you, us, or any other payment solution company;

11.3.12 any undelivered e-mail communications;

11.3.13 the quality or availability (or lack thereof) of the website or the Online Casino/Sportsbook; or

11.3.14 any results of any acts of government or authority or any force majeure event.

12. CHANGES TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE PRIVACY POLICY
12.1 We may, at our sole discretion, make changes to this Agreement, the rules of the games on the Online Casino/Sportsbook or the Privacy Policy at any time.

12.2 Any changes will take effect from the date specified on the Website's terms and conditions (End-User Agreement). It is important, therefore, that you log in to the Website's terms and conditions from time to time and check to see whether there is any updated version. You are solely responsible for learning of any such updated versions and changes.

12.3 If you continue to use the Website or the Online Casino/Sportsbook after we have updated the changes, you agree to be bound by those changes whether or not you have had actual notice of, or have read, the relevant changes. If you do not agree to be bound by relevant changes, you should not continue to use the Website or the Online Casino/Sportsbook any further.

13. TERM
This Agreement is effective from the moment of acceptance by you by clicking on the "I Agree" button, and shall remain in force for an unlimited time, unless terminated in accordance with clause 9.7. For the avoidance of doubt, it is agreed that you are bound by this Agreement if you use the Online Casino/Sportsbook or the Website or the Software in any way, including, but not limited to, initiating or making a deposit through your Player Account or submitting your deposit details to us.

14. GOVERNING LAW
14.1 The construction, validity and performance of this Agreement will be governed by Curacao law. The competent court in Curacao will have exclusive jurisdiction in any matter arising from or related to this Agreement. However, this shall not prevent us from bringing any action in the court of any other jurisdiction for injunctive or similar relief. The English language version of this Agreement will prevail over any other language version issued by us.

14.2 The illegality, invalidity or enforceability of any provision of this Agreement will not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement. In such cases, the part deemed invalid or unenforceable shall be amended in a manner consistent with the applicable law to reflect, as closely as possible, our original intent.

15. NOTICES
15.1 You agree to receive communications from us in an electronic form. Electronic communications may be posted on the pages within the Website and/or the messages/help files of your client application, and/or delivered to your e-mail address, as shall be decided by us from time to time. All communications in either electronic or paper format will be considered to be "in writing" and to have been received no later than five business days after posting or dissemination, whether or not you have actually received or retrieved the communication. We reserve the right, but assume no obligation, to provide communications in paper format.

15.2 Any notices required to be given in writing to us or any questions concerning this Agreement should be addressed to: cs@gobetgo.com.

 